How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I could see only the areas that had changed so it made finding the bug much easier than looking through all the code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can see all the changes where made and where possible bugs were introduced.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros - you can commit your code when you think it's at a good point so you can edit it and find bugs more easily and not have too many or too few commits. 
    Cons - you may forget to commit your code and it and then commit it when it is too big and it will be harder to find bugs.     

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because the files go together for example a html file and a css file and in google docs they usually don't.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log, see when you committed get diff see the differences between versions 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can go back to before the changed were made and find the bug.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Submitting my projects. 

How can you use the commands git log and the command git diff to view the history of files?
	git log is used for viewing all the commits, operates on commits 
	git diff is used to look at changes made between commits 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that will make you more efficient using Git?
	you know you can look at previous commits so if something does break you can find use git checkout to look at past commits, then once you find the commit with the bug you can use git diff to find where the change that caused the bug,

Now that you have your workspace updated, what do you want to try using Git for?
	Submitting projects 
